NH-90184: add doc for add_tracer api call (#174)
solarwinds/apm-ruby: README.md

end
```

`add_tracer` can add a custom span to the specified instance or class method that is already defined. `add_tracer` allow to set custom span name, span kind and additional attributes in hash format

```ruby
add_tracer :function_name, 'custom_span_name', { attributes: { 'any' => 'attributes' }, kind: :span_kind }
```

For example, if you want to instrument class function or instance function `create_session` inside application controller

```ruby
class SessionsController < ApplicationController
  include SolarWindsAPM::API::Tracer

  def create
    user = User.find_by(email: params[:session][:email].downcase)
    create_session(user)
  end

>   # instrument class function create_session
>   def create_session(user)
>   end
>   add_tracer :create_session, 'custom_name', { attributes: { 'foo' => 'bar' }, kind: :consumer }
> 
>   # instrument instance function self.create_session
>   def self.create_session(user)
>   end
> 
>   class << self

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def create_session(user)
  end

  def self.create_session(user)
  end

  # instrument instance method create_session
  add_tracer :create_session, 'custom_name', { attributes: { 'foo' => 'bar' }, kind: :consumer }

  # instrument class method create_session
  class << self
```

Reviewer: I think `create_session` is the instance method, while `self.create_session` is the class method. And is the `include SolarWindsAPM::API::Tracer` on line 93 needed by the "instrument instance method" usage? It might be clearer if we just show the instrument instance vs class method as two separate snippets.

Author: Do you mean like putting them in separate code block?

Author: > Also, how about the docstring

Updated

Reviewer: Yes, i mean two separate code blocks, because currently it's unclear where `include SolarWindsAPM::API::Tracer` is needed for each scenario--the current example has it once at the start of class definition, then again via the `class << self` construct. If we keep a single code block example it would be good to clarify why.

Author: Updated

end
```

> `add_tracer` can add a custom span to the specified instance or class method that is already defined. It requires the custom span name and optionally takes the span kind and additional attributes in hash format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`add_tracer` can add a custom span to the specified instance or class method that is already defined. It can optional set the span kind and additional attributes provided in hash format:
```

Reviewer: The RDoc string made me realize the span name is not required.
